Bargaining over Data: When Does Making the Buyer More Informed Help?
Words Matter! Toward a Prosocial Call-to-Action for Online Referral: Evidence from Two Field Experiments.
An Empirical Analysis of Seller Advertising Strategies in an Online Marketplace.
Electronic Health Records and the Logics of Care: Complementarity and Conflict in the U.S. Healthcare System.
Consumption and Performance: Understanding Longitudinal Dynamics of Recommender Systems via an Agent-Based Simulation Framework.
Trade-Offs in Online Advertising: Advertising Effectiveness and Annoyance Dynamics Across the Purchase Funnel.
Sustaining a Good Impression: Mechanisms for Selling Partitioned Impressions at Ad Exchanges.
Is the Grass Greener? On the Strategic Implications of Moving Along the Value Chain for IT Service Providers.
When the Bank Comes to You: Branch Network and Customer Omnichannel Banking Behavior.
Social Networks, Funding, and Regional Advantages in Technology Entrepreneurship: An Empirical Analysis.
Platform Pricing and Investment to Drive Third-Party Value Creation in Two-Sided Networks.
Bloatware and Jailbreaking: Strategic Impacts of Consumer-Initiated Modification of Technology Products.
Financial Returns to Firms' Communication Actions on Firm-Initiated Social Media: Evidence from Facebook Business Pages.
Does Identity Disclosure Help or Hurt User Content Generation? Social Presence, Inhibition, and Displacement Effects.
Flexible and Committed Advertising Contracts in Electronic Retailing.
The Voice of the Customer: Managing Customer Care in Twitter.
Turning Liabilities of Global Operations into Assets: IT-Enabled Social Integration Capacity and Exploratory Innovation.
Onward and Upward? An Empirical Investigation of Gender and Promotions in Information Technology Services.
An Economic Analysis of Product Recommendation in the Presence of Quality and Taste-Match Heterogeneity.
Your Hometown Matters: Popularity-Difference Bias in Online Reputation Platforms.
Unemployment and Worker Participation in the Gig Economy: Evidence from an Online Labor Market.
Cross-Platform Spillover Effects in Consumption of Viral Content: A Quasi-Experimental Analysis Using Synthetic Controls.
Hiding Sensitive Information when Sharing Distributed Transactional Data.
Content Growth and Attention Contagion in Information Networks: Addressing Information Poverty on Wikipedia.
A Theory of Multilevel Information Privacy Management for the Digital Era.
Understanding Physicians' Online-Offline Behavior Dynamics: An Empirical Study.
Online Display Advertising Markets: A Literature Review and Future Directions.
The Importance of Interactions Between Content Characteristics and Creator Characteristics for Studying Virality in Social Media.
When to Play Your Advertisement? Optimal Insertion Policy of Behavioral Advertisement.
From Lurkers to Workers: Predicting Voluntary Contribution and Community Welfare.
Ad-Blockers: A Blessing or a Curse?
Mitigating Traffic Congestion: The Role of Intelligent Transportation Systems.
Eye-Tracking-Based Classification of Information Search Behavior Using Machine Learning: Evidence from Experiments in Physical Shops and Virtual Reality Shopping Environments.
Optimizing Two-Sided Promotion for Transportation Network Companies: A Structural Model with Conditional Bayesian Learning.
When Online Lending Meets Real Estate: Examining Investment Decisions in Lending-Based Real Estate Crowdfunding.
Finding Useful Solutions in Online Knowledge Communities: A Theory-Driven Design and Multilevel Analysis.
A Switch in Time Saves the Dime: A Model to Reduce Rental Cost in Cloud Computing.
Video Killed the Radio Star? Online Music Videos and Recorded Music Sales.
Unemployment and Digital Public Goods Contribution.
Examining the Heterogeneous Impact of Ride-Hailing Services on Public Transit Use.
When Loyalty Goes Mobile: Effects of Mobile Loyalty Apps on Purchase, Redemption, and Competition.
Cloud Services vs. On-Premises Software: Competition Under Security Risk and Product Customization.
Matching Mobile Applications for Cross-Promotion.
Different but Equal? A Field Experiment on the Impact of Recommendation Systems on Mobile and Personal Computer Channels in Retail.
More than Words in Medical Question-and-Answer Sites: A Content-Context Congruence Perspective.
Developing and Testing a Theoretical Path Model of Web Page Impression Formation and Its Consequence.
A Tangled Web: Should Online Review Portals Display Fraudulent Reviews?
Does Telemedicine Reduce Emergency Room Congestion? Evidence from New York State.
Appealing to Sense and Sensibility: System 1 and System 2 Interventions for Fake News on Social Media.
Data-Driven Promotion Planning for Paid Mobile Applications.
Optimal Auction Design for Wi-Fi Procurement.
A Structural Analysis of the Role of Superstars in Crowdsourcing Contests.
Who Wants Consumers to Be Informed? Facilitating Information Disclosure in a Distribution Channel.
Research Commentary - Data-Driven Computationally Intensive Theory Development.
Battle of the Internet Channels: How Do Mobile and Fixed-Line Quality Drive Internet Use?
Measuring and Managing the Externality of Managerial Responses to Online Customer Reviews.
When Algorithmic Predictions Use Human-Generated Data: A Bias-Aware Classification Algorithm for Breast Cancer Diagnosis.
A Coevolution Model of Network Structure and User Behavior: The Case of Content Generation in Online Social Networks.
The Impact of Twitter Adoption on Lawmakers' Voting Orientations.
Seizing the Commuting Moment: Contextual Targeting Based on Mobile Transportation Apps.
The Dynamics of Online Consumers' Response to Price Promotion.
Using User- and Marketer-Generated Content for Box Office Revenue Prediction: Differences Between Microblogging and Third-Party Platforms.
Performance Consequences of Information Technology Investments: Implications of Emphasizing New or Current Information Technologies.
The Digital Sin City: An Empirical Study of Craigslist's Impact on Prostitution Trends.
How Do Recommender Systems Affect Sales Diversity? A Cross-Category Investigation via Randomized Field Experiment.
An Empirical Study of Free Product Sampling and Rating Bias.
Crowdfunding and the Democratization of Access to Capital - An Illusion? Evidence from Housing Prices.
Relationships Between Information Technology and Other Investments: A Contingent Interaction Model.
Do Electronic Health Records Affect Quality of Care? Evidence from the HITECH Act.
Why Do Stores Drive Online Sales? Evidence of Underlying Mechanisms from a Multichannel Retailer.
Prescribing Response Strategies to Manage Customer Opinions: A Stochastic Differential Equation Approach.
Relative Privacy Valuations Under Varying Disclosure Characteristics.
Jack of All, Master of Some: Information Network and Innovation in Crowdsourcing Communities.
Bilateral Liability-Based Contracts in Information Security Outsourcing.
Selling Virtual Currency in Digital Games: Implications for Gameplay and Social Welfare.
Talking Up a Storm: How Backers Use Public Discourse to Exert Control in Crowdfunded Systems Development Projects.
Audit Policies Under the Sentinel Effect: Deterrence-Driven Algorithms.
Adopting Seekers' Solution Exemplars in Crowdsourcing Ideation Contests: Antecedents and Consequences.
Effects of Sponsorship Disclosure on Perceived Integrity of Biased Recommendation Agents: Psychological Contract Violation and Knowledge-Based Trust Perspectives.
Motivating Effective Mobile App Adoptions: Evidence from a Large-Scale Randomized Field Experiment.
Storm Clouds on the Horizon? New Entry Threats and R&D Investments in the U.S. IT Industry.
How Does the Implementation of Enterprise Information Systems Affect a Professional's Mobility? An Empirical Study.
Efficient Computational Strategies for Dynamic Inventory Liquidation.
Forward-Looking Behavior in Mobile Data Consumption and Targeted Promotion Design: A Dynamic Structural Model.
Explaining Digital Piracy: A Meta-Analysis.
The Coevolution of Objects and Boundaries over Time: Materiality, Affordances, and Boundary Salience.
Toward a Theory of Information Systems Security Behaviors of Organizational Employees: A Dialectical Process Perspective.
Leveraging User-Generated Content for Product Promotion: The Effects of Firm-Highlighted Reviews.
Knowledge Transfers in Alliances: Exploring the Facilitating Role of Information Technology.
Balancing Openness and Prioritization in a Two-Tier Internet.
Does Superposition Influence the Success of FLOSS Projects? An Examination of Open-Source Software Development by Organizations and Individuals.
Personalized Mobile Targeting with User Engagement Stages: Combining a Structural Hidden Markov Model and Field Experiment.
Word-of-Mouth System Implementation and Customer Conversion: A Randomized Field Experiment.
Measuring the Value of Recommendation Links on Product Demand.
Understanding User-Generated Content and Customer Engagement on Facebook Business Pages.
Does It Pay to Shroud In-App Purchase Prices?
When a Doctor Knows, It Shows: An Empirical Analysis of Doctors' Responses in a Q&A Forum of an Online Healthcare Portal.
Beauty Is in the Eye of the Beholder: Toward a Contextual Understanding of Compensation of Information Technology Professionals Within and Across Geographies.
Triadic Closure, Homophily, and Reciprocation: An Empirical Investigation of Social Ties Between Content Providers.
"Level Up": Leveraging Skill and Engagement to Maximize Player Game-Play in Online Video Games.
Using Technology to Persuade: Visual Representation Technologies and Consensus Seeking in Virtual Teams.
Large Online Product Catalog Space Indicates High Store Price: Understanding Customers' Overgeneralization and Illogical Inference.
Crowd-Driven Competitive Intelligence: Understanding the Relationship Between Local Market Competition and Online Rating Distributions.
Why Would I Use Location-Protective Settings on My Smartphone? Motivating Protective Behaviors and the Existence of the Privacy Knowledge-Belief Gap.
Don't Mention It? Analyzing User-Generated Content Signals for Early Adverse Event Warnings.
From Bricks to an Edifice: Cultivating Strong Inference in Information Systems Research.
Innovation and Policy Support for Two-Sided Market Platforms: Can Government Policy Makers and Executives Optimize Both Societal Value and Profits?
Seeing the Trees or the Forest? The Effect of IT Project Managers' Mental Construal on IT Project Risk Management Activities.
Software Patents and Firm Value: A Real Options Perspective on the Role of Innovation Orientation and Environmental Uncertainty.
Online Product Reviews-Triggered Dynamic Pricing: Theory and Evidence.
The Strategic Value of Information Technology in Setting Productive Capacity.
How Pair Programming Influences Team Performance: The Role of Backup Behavior, Shared Mental Models, and Task Novelty.
When Seeing Helps Believing: The Interactive Effects of Previews and Reviews on E-Book Purchases.
How Do EHRs and a Meaningful Use Initiative Affect Breaches of Patient Information?
When and How to Leverage E-commerce Cart Targeting: The Relative and Moderated Effects of Scarcity and Price Incentives with a Two-Stage Field Experiment and Causal Forest Optimization.
The Adaptive Roles of Positive and Negative Emotions in Organizational Insiders' Security-Based Precaution Taking.
Impact of Live Chat on Purchase in Electronic Markets: The Moderating Role of Information Cues.
Unraveling the "Social" in Social Norms: The Conditioning Effect of User Connectivity.
The Spillover of Spotlight: Platform Recommendation in the Mobile App Market.
A Dynamic Model of Embeddedness in Digital Infrastructures.
How Mega Is the Mega? Exploring the Spillover Effects of WeChat Using Graphical Model.
A for Effort? Using the Crowd to Identify Moral Hazard in New York City Restaurant Hygiene Inspections.
Moving IS Project Control Research into the Digital Era: The "Why" of Control and the Concept of Control Purpose.
"Monday Effect" on Performance Variations in Supply Chain Fulfillment: How Information Technology-Enabled Procurement May Help.
Optimal Management of Virtual Infrastructures Under Flexible Cloud Service Agreements.
Editorial Responsibilities and a Note on Research Notes.
Mind the Gap: Accounting for Measurement Error and Misclassification in Variables Generated via Data Mining.
Quantifying the Impact of Social Influence on the Information Technology Implementation Process by Physicians: A Hierarchical Bayesian Learning Approach.
Managing Distributed Product Development Projects: Integration Strategies for Time-Zone and Language Barriers.
When Ignorance Can Be Bliss: Organizational Structure and Coordination in Electronic Retailing.
Effects of Online Recommendations on Consumers' Willingness to Pay.
Work-Life Conflict of Globally Distributed Software Development Personnel: An Empirical Investigation Using Border Theory.
Information Systems Projects and Individual Developer Outcomes: Role of Project Managers and Process Control.
Boundary Organization Practices for Collaboration in Enterprise Integration.
Contextual Priming and the Design of 3D Virtual Environments to Improve Group Ideation.
Generating Value Through Open Source: Software Service Market Regulation and Licensing Policy.
Multigeneration Product Diffusion in the Presence of Strategic Consumers.
Reexamining the Market Value of Information Technology Events.
Call for Papers - Special Issue of Information Systems Research - Humans, Algorithms, and Augmented Intelligence: The Future of Work, Organizations, and Society.
Research Commentary - From Net Neutrality to Data Neutrality: A Techno-Economic Framework and Research Agenda.
Copycats vs. Original Mobile Apps: A Machine Learning Copycat-Detection Method and Empirical Analysis.
On Direct vs. Indirect Peer Influence in Large Social Networks.
Real Options Models for Proactive Uncertainty-Reducing Mitigations and Applications in Cybersecurity Investment Decision Making.
Reducing Medicare Spending Through Electronic Health Information Exchange: The Role of Incentives and Exchange Maturity.
Social Media Strategies in Product-Harm Crises.
Introduction - Platforms and Infrastructures in the Digital Age.
Salience Bias in Crowdsourcing Contests.
Managing Digital Platforms in User Organizations: The Interactions Between Digital Options and Digital Debt.
Does Platform Owner's Entry Crowd Out Innovation? Evidence from Google Photos.
Platform Architecture and Quality Trade-offs of Multihoming Complements.
Exploiting and Defending Open Digital Platforms with Boundary Resources: Android's Five Platform Forks.
Strategic Intellectual Property Sharing: Competition on an Open Technology Platform Under Network Effects.
Differences are Different: Examining the Effects of Communication Media on the Impacts of Racial and Gender Diversity in Decision-Making Teams.
An Economic Analysis of Peer Disclosure in Online Social Communities.
When Discounts Hurt Sales: The Case of Daily-Deal Markets.
The Impact of Sharing Mechanism Design on Content Sharing in Online Social Networks.
The Impact of User Personality Traits on Word of Mouth: Text-Mining Social Media Platforms.
Socially Nudged: A Quasi-Experimental Study of Friends' Social Influence in Online Product Ratings.
Catch Me If You Can: Effectiveness and Consequences of Online Copyright Enforcement.
Reward-Based Crowdfunding Campaigns: Informational Value and Access to Venture Capital.
The Role of User Privacy Concerns in Shaping Competition Among Platforms.
The Impact of Online Product Reviews on Product Returns.
Impact of Average Rating on Social Media Endorsement: The Moderating Role of Rating Dispersion and Discount Threshold.
Rules, Practices, and Information Technology: A Trifecta of Organizational Regulation.
Editorial - Traits of Successful Research Contributions for Publication in ISR: Some Thoughts for Authors and Reviewers.
An Economic Analysis of Customer Co-design.
Examining Gifting Through Social Network Services: A Social Exchange Theory Perspective.
Platform Synergy: Architectural Origins and Competitive Consequences.
Exit, Voice, and Response on Digital Platforms: An Empirical Investigation of Online Management Response Strategies.
Extrinsic versus Intrinsic Rewards for Contributing Reviews in an Online Platform.
Surviving in Global Online Labor Markets for IT Services: A Geo-Economic Analysis.
Estimating Contextual Motivating Factors in Virtual Interorganizational Communities of Practice: Peer Effects and Organizational Influences.
Electronic Markets and Geographic Competition Among Small, Local Firms.
Service Agreement Trifecta: Backup Resources, Price and Penalty in the Availability-Aware Cloud.
Versioning and Information Dissemination: A New Perspective.
Decomposing the Variance of Consumer Ratings and the Impact on Price and Demand.
Recommender System Rethink: Implications for an Electronic Marketplace with Competing Manufacturers.
A Matter of Equality: Linear Pricing in Combinatorial Exchanges.
Learning from Your Friends' Check-Ins: An Empirical Study of Location-Based Social Networks.
Call for Papers - Special Issue of Information Systems Research - Market Design and Analytics.
Editorial Thoughts: What and How ISR Publishes.
Research Commentary - Diversity of the Information Systems Research Field: A Journal Governance Perspective.
Providing a Window of Opportunity for Converting eStore Visitors.
Politics and Information Technology Investments in the U.S. Federal Government in 2003-2016.
Technology Mergers and Acquisitions in the Presence of an Installed Base: A Strategic Analysis.
A Theory of Responsive Design: A Field Study of Corporate Engagement with Open Source Communities.
Extending the Concept of Control Beliefs: Integrating the Role of Advice Networks.
Electronic Commerce, Spatial Arbitrage, and Market Efficiency.
Popularity or Proximity: Characterizing the Nature of Social Influence in an Online Music Community.
Cost-Effective Quality Assurance in Crowd Labeling.
Coalition-Based Pricing in Ascending Combinatorial Auctions.
Managerial Incentives and IT Strategic Posture.
A Systematic Framework for Multilevel Theorizing in Information Systems Research.
Logic Pluralism in Mobile Platform Ecosystems: A Study of Indie App Developers on the iOS App Store.
Online Cash-back Shopping: Implications for Consumers and e-Businesses.
Cosearch Attention and Stock Return Predictability in Supply Chains.
Information Feedback, Targeting, and Coordination: An Experimental Study.
The Impact of Institutional Distance on the Joint Performance of Collaborating Firms: The Role of Adaptive Interorganizational Systems.
Anonymizing and Sharing Medical Text Records.
How High Should We Go? Determining Reservation Values to Negotiate Successfully for Composite Software Services.
Coping Responses in Phishing Detection: An Investigation of Antecedents and Consequences.
Price of Identical Product with Gray Market Sales: An Analytical Model and Empirical Analysis.
Designing for Diagnosticity and Serendipity: An Investigation of Social Product-Search Mechanisms.
Information Technology, Revenues, and Profits: Exploring the Role of Foreign and Domestic Operations.
Thinking About Measures and Measurement in Positivist Research: A Proposal for Refocusing on Fundamentals.
How Can We Develop Contextualized Theories of Effective Use? A Demonstration in the Context of Community-Care Electronic Health Records.
Targeted Couponing in Online Auctions.
Not Just a Fad: Optimal Sequencing in Mobile In-App Advertising.
Understanding Voluntary Knowledge Provision and Content Contribution Through a Social-Media-Based Prediction Market: A Field Experiment.
On Buyer Selection of Service Providers in Online Outsourcing Platforms for IT Services.
Governance Practices in Platform Ecosystems: Navigating Tensions Between Cocreated Value and Governance Costs.
Selling or Leasing? Pricing Information Goods with Depreciation of Consumer Valuation.
Continued Voluntary Participation Intention in Firm-Participating Open Source Software Projects.
Disconfirmation Effect on Online Rating Behavior: A Structural Model.
Is Tom Cruise Threatened? An Empirical Study of the Impact of Product Variety on Demand Concentration.
Does Information Technology Improve Open Innovation Performance? An Examination of Manufacturers in Spain.
Editorial - The Year in Review and Path Forward.
Senior Editor Perspectives.
Senior Editor Perspectives.
Direct and Indirect Information System Use: A Multimethod Exploration of Social Power Antecedents in Healthcare.
Bidding for Multiple Keywords in Sponsored Search Advertising: Keyword Categories and Match Types.
When Online Reviews Meet Sales Volume Information: Is More or Accurate Information Always Better?
Temporal Motivations of Volunteers to Participate in Cultural Crowdsourcing Work.
Understanding Consumers' Attitudes Toward Controversial Information Technologies: A Contextualization Approach.
Technical Systems Development Risk Factors: The Role of Empowering Leadership in Lowering Developers' Stress.
Learning Effects of Domain, Technology, and Customer Knowledge in Information Systems Development: An Empirical Study.
Mitigating Diminishing Returns to R&D: The Role of Information Technology in Innovation.
Software Diversity for Improved Network Security: Optimal Distribution of Software-Based Shared Vulnerabilities.
Seeking Value Through Deviation? Economic Impacts of IT Overinvestment and Underinvestment.
Unraveling the Alignment Paradox: How Does Business - IT Alignment Shape Organizational Agility?
Invited Commentary - Reflections on ICT-enabled Bright Society Research.
On the Longitudinal Effects of IT Use on Firm-Level Employment.
Rate or Trade? Identifying Winning Ideas in Open Idea Sourcing.
Comparing Open and Sealed Bid Auctions: Evidence from Online Labor Markets.
Mandatory Standards and Organizational Information Security.
Managing Citizens' Uncertainty in E-Government Services: The Mediating and Moderating Roles of Transparency and Trust.
The Double-Edged Sword of Backward Compatibility: The Adoption of Multigenerational Platforms in the Presence of Intergenerational Services.
Research Note - When Do Consumers Value Positive vs. Negative Reviews? An Empirical Investigation of Confirmation Bias in Online Word of Mouth.
Research Note - Cloud Computing Spot Pricing Dynamics: Latency and Limits to Arbitrage.
Research Note - Information Technology, Customer Satisfaction, and Profit: Theory and Evidence.
Research Note - In CARSs We Trust: How Context-Aware Recommendations Affect Customers' Trust and Other Business Performance Measures of Recommender Systems.
Research Note - Using Expectation Disconfirmation Theory and Polynomial Modeling to Understand Trust in Technology.
Examining the Continuance of Secure Behavior: A Longitudinal Field Study of Mobile Device Authentication.
Sustainability of Healthcare Information Exchanges: A Game-Theoretic Approach.
Does Product Market Competition Drive CVC Investment? Evidence from the U.S. IT Industry.
Product Line Extension in Consumer Software Markets in the Presence of Free Alternatives.
Framing Innovation Opportunities While Staying Committed to an Organizational Epistemic Stance.
Facilitating the Transformational: An Exploration of Control in Cyberinfrastructure Projects and the Discovery of Field Control.
Characteristics and Economic Consequences of Jump Bids in Combinatorial Auctions.
On the Ontological Quality and Logical Quality of Conceptual-Modeling Grammars: The Need for a Dual Perspective.
Research Note - Leader Influence on Sustained Participation in Online Collaborative Work Communities: A Simulation-Based Approach.
Research Note - Are Online Labor Markets Spot Markets for Tasks? A Field Experiment on the Behavioral Response to Wage Cuts.
Research Note - Content and Collaboration: An Affiliation Network Approach to Information Quality in Online Peer Production Communities.
Research Note - An Internet-Enabled Move to the Market in Logistics.
Research Note - Gamification of Technology-Mediated Training: Not All Competitions Are the Same.
Editorial - On the Intellectual Structure and Evolution of ISR.
Secret Admirers: An Empirical Examination of Information Hiding and Contribution Dynamics in Online Crowdfunding.
Do Incentive Hierarchies Induce User Effort? Evidence from an Online Knowledge Exchange.
Managing Co-Creation in Information Technology Projects: A Differential Games Approach.
The Impact of Competing Ads on Click Performance in Sponsored Search.
Implementation of an Information and Communication Technology in a Developing Country: A Multimethod Longitudinal Study in a Bank in India.
Should Online Content Providers Be Allowed To Subsidize Content? - An Economic Analysis.
Pricing Data Services: Pricing by Minutes, by Gigs, or by Megabytes per Second?
Open Content, Linus' Law, and Neutral Point of View.
Research Note - IT Outsourcing and the Impact of Advisors on Clients and Vendors.
Research Note - Designing Promotion Ladders to Mitigate Turnover of IT Professionals.
Editorial Notes.
Special Section Introduction - Online Community as Space for Knowledge Flows.
Effect of Knowledge-Sharing Trajectories on Innovative Outcomes in Temporary Online Crowds.
Creating Value in Online Communities: The Sociomaterial Configuring of Strategy, Platform, and Stakeholder Engagement.
Intellectual Property Norms in Online Communities: How User-Organized Intellectual Property Regulation Supports Innovation.
Coordinating Interdependencies in Online Communities: A Study of an Open Source Software Project.
Toward a Theory of Remixing in Online Innovation Communities.
Turbulent Stability of Emergent Roles: The Dualistic Nature of Self-Organizing Knowledge Coproduction.
Folding and Unfolding: Balancing Openness and Transparency in Open Source Communities.
Special Section Introduction - Ubiquitous IT and Digital Vulnerabilities.
Assessing the Impact of Granular Privacy Controls on Content Sharing and Disclosure on Facebook.
More Harm Than Good? How Messages That Interrupt Can Make Us Vulnerable.
When Being Hot Is Not Cool: Monitoring Hot Lists for Information Security.
Excessive Dependence on Mobile Social Apps: A Rational Addiction Perspective.
The Impact of Fake Reviews on Online Visibility: A Vulnerability Assessment of the Hotel Industry.
Why Do Adults Engage in Cyberbullying on Social Media? An Integration of Online Disinhibition and Deindividuation Effects with the Social Structure and Social Learning Model.
Health Information Exchange as a Multisided Platform: Adoption, Usage, and Practice Involvement in Service Co-Production.
Predictive Analytics for Readmission of Patients with Congestive Heart Failure.
Information Infrastructure Development and Governance as Collective Action.
Paradoxes and the Nature of Ambidexterity in IT Transformation Programs.
Organizational Control, Incentive Contracts, and Knowledge Transfer in Offshore Business Process Outsourcing.
Market Positioning by IT Service Vendors Through Imitation.
Early to Adopt and Early to Discontinue: The Impact of Self-Perceived and Actual IT Knowledge on Technology Use Behaviors of End Users.
Turnover or Turnaway? Competing Risks Analysis of Male and Female IT Professionals' Job Mobility and Relative Pay Gap.
The Emergence of Online Community Leadership.
Web Footprints of Firms: Using Online Isomorphism for Competitor Identification.
Research Note - Role of Social Media in Social Change: An Analysis of Collective Sense Making During the 2011 Egypt Revolution.
Research Note - Perceived Firm Attributes and Intrinsic Motivation in Sponsored Open Source Software Projects.
Finding Similar Mobile Consumers with a Privacy-Friendly Geosocial Design.
Evolutionary Competition in Platform Ecosystems.
The Role of Extra-Role Behaviors and Social Controls in Information Security Policy Effectiveness.
Cable News Wars on the Internet: Competition and User-Generated Content.
Net Neutrality, Exclusivity Contracts, and Internet Fragmentation.
Learning User Real-Time Intent for Optimal Dynamic Web Page Transformation.
Analyzing Software as a Service with Per-Transaction Charges.
Social Capital and Contract Duration in Buyer-Supplier Networks for Information Technology Outsourcing.
How Does IT Ambidexterity Impact Organizational Agility?
The Road to Early Success: Impact of System Use in the Swift Response Phase.
Research Note - Deliberation Without Attention: The Latent Benefits of Distracting Website Features for Online Purchase Decisions.
Research Note - Investigating Firm Strategies on Offering Consumer-Customizable Products.
Editorial - Evolvable Systems: Through the Looking Glass of IS.
Research Commentary - Information Technology Substitution Revisited.
Network Dynamics: How Can We Find Patients Like Us?
IT-Enabled Broadcasting in Social Media: An Empirical Study of Artists' Activities and Music Sales.
Recommendations Using Information from Multiple Association Rules: A Probabilistic Approach.
Contemporaneous and Delayed Sales Impact of Location-Based Mobile Promotions.
Information Disclosure and the Diffusion of Information Security Attacks.
Research Note - Why Following Friends Can Hurt You: An Exploratory Investigation of the Effects of Envy on Social Networking Sites among College-Age Users.
Research Note - Migration of Service to the Internet: Evidence from a Federal Natural Experiment.
Research Note - An Exploration of Risk Characteristics of Information Security Threats and Related Public Information Search Behavior.
Editorial Notes.
Research Commentary - Informing Privacy Research Through Information Systems, Psychology, and Behavioral Economics: Thinking Outside the "APCO" Box.
Discriminating IT Governance.
Embarrassing Exposures in Online Social Networks: An Integrated Perspective of Privacy Invasion and Relationship Bonding.
Do Organic Results Help or Hurt Sponsored Search Performance?
Design of Consumer Review Systems and Product Pricing.
Versioning in the Software Industry: Heterogeneous Disutility from Underprovisioning of Functionality.
Can Payment-per-Click Induce Improvements in Click Fraud Identification Technologies?
What Motivates Contributors vs. Lurkers? An Investigation of Online Feedback Forums.
Designing Warning Messages for Detecting Biased Online Product Recommendations: An Empirical Investigation.
Research Note - Tigerblood: Newspapers, Blogs, and the Founding of Information Technology Firms.
Research Note - Parenting New Acquisitions: Acquirers' Digital Resource Redeployment and Targets' Performance Improvement in the U.S. Hospital Industry.
Research Note - Patching the Cloud: The Impact of SaaS on Patching Strategy and the Timing of Software Release.
Research Note - Can't Buy Me Love...Or Can I? Social Capital Attainment Through Conspicuous Consumption in Virtual Environments.
Research Commentary - Information Technology-Enabled Business Models: A Conceptual Framework and a Coevolution Perspective for Future Research.
Evaluation of Competing Candidate Solutions in Electronic Networks of Practice.
How to Attract and Retain Readers in Enterprise Blogging?
Measuring Information Technology Spillovers.
IT-Enabled Coordination for Ambidextrous Interorganizational Relationships.
Online Product Reviews: Implications for Retailers and Competing Manufacturers.
A Framework and Guidelines for Context-Specific Theorizing in Information Systems Research.
Joint Product Improvement by Client and Customer Support Center: The Role of Gain-Share Contracts in Coordination.
Platform Performance Investment in the Presence of Network Externalities.
Economics of Free Under Perpetual Licensing: Implications for the Software Industry.
Research Commentary - The Disciplines of Information: Lessons from the History of the Discipline of Medicine.
"Popularity Effect" in User-Generated Content: Evidence from Online Product Reviews.
A Machine Learning Approach to Improving Dynamic Decision Making.
Prediction in Economic Networks.
Selling vs. Profiling: Optimizing the Offer Set in Web-Based Personalization.
Using Personal Communication Technologies for Commercial Communications: A Cross-Country Investigation of Email and SMS.
Product Fit Uncertainty in Online Markets: Nature, Effects, and Antecedents.
Consumer Informedness and Firm Information Strategy.
Project Managers' Practical Intelligence and Project Performance in Software Offshore Outsourcing: A Field Study.
Research Note - Influence Techniques in Phishing Attacks: An Examination of Vulnerability and Resistance.
Research Note - How Semantics and Pragmatics Interact in Understanding Conceptual Models.
Research Note - The Influences of Online Service Technologies and Task Complexity on Efficiency and Personalization.
Editorial - Big Data, Data Science, and Analytics: The Opportunity and Challenge for IS Research.
Research Commentary - Using Income Accounting as the Theoretical Basis for Measuring IT Productivity.
Distinction and Status Production on User-Generated Content Platforms: Using Bourdieu's Theory of Cultural Production to Understand Social Dynamics in Online Fields.
Cloud Implications on Software Network Structure and Security Risks.
Online Gambling Behavior: The Impacts of Cumulative Outcomes, Recent Outcomes, and Prior Use.
The Central Role of Engagement in Online Communities.
Latent Growth Modeling for Information Systems: Theoretical Extensions and Practical Applications.
The "Most Popular News" Recommender: Count Amplification and Manipulation Resistance.
An Empirical Analysis of the Impact of Pre-Release Movie Piracy on Box Office Revenue.
Research Note - The Allure of Homophily in Social Media: Evidence from Investor Responses on Virtual Communities.
Research Note - Industry-Specific Human Capital and Wages: Evidence from the Business Process Outsourcing Industry.
Research Note - Heuristic Theorizing: Proactively Generating Design Theories.
Research Note - Discriminant Analysis with Strategically Manipulated Data.
Editorial Notes.
The IQ of the Crowd: Understanding and Improving Information Quality in Structured User-Generated Content.
Feeling Blue? Go Online: An Empirical Study of Social Support Among Patients.
Effects of ICT Service Innovation and Complementary Strategies on Brand Equity and Customer Loyalty in a Consumer Technology Market.
Optimal Management of Digital Content on Tiered Infrastructure Platforms.
Lateral Coordination Mechanisms and the Moderating Role of Arrangement Characteristics in Information Systems Development Outsourcing.
Research Note - Partial Least Squares and Models with Formatively Specified Endogenous Constructs: A Cautionary Note.
Editors' Preface.
Conflating Antecedents and Formative Indicators: A Comment on Aguirre-Urreta and Marakas.
A Rejoinder to Rigdon et al. (2014).
Special Section Introduction - Information, Technology, and the Changing Nature of Work.
Social Media, Knowledge Sharing, and Innovation: Toward a Theory of Communication Visibility.
Patient Data as Medical Facts: Social Media Practices as a Foundation for Medical Knowledge Creation.
Infrastructuring Work: Building a State-Wide Hospital Information Infrastructure in India.
Efficacy of R&D Work in Offshore Captive Centers: An Empirical Study of Task Characteristics, Coordination Mechanisms, and Performance.
Doing Business with Strangers: Reputation in Online Service Marketplaces.
Editorial Notes.
Introduction to the Special Issue - Social Media and Business Transformation: A Framework for Research.
When Social Media Can Be Bad for You: Community Feedback Stifles Consumer Creativity and Reduces Satisfaction with Self-Designed Products.
Social Network Effects on Productivity and Job Security: Evidence from the Adoption of a Social Networking Tool.
Active Social Media Management: The Case of Health Care.
Social Ties and User Content Generation: Evidence from Flickr.
Social Media Brand Community and Consumer Behavior: Quantifying the Relative Impact of User- and Marketer-Generated Content.
The Effect of Customers' Social Media Participation on Customer Visit Frequency and Profitability: An Empirical Investigation.
Predicting Adoption Probabilities in Social Networks.
Social Media and Firm Equity Value.
Engineering Optimal Network Effects via Social Media Features and Seeding in Markets for Digital Goods and Services.
The Effects of Rewarding User Engagement: The Case of Facebook Apps.
The Association Between the Disclosure and the Realization of Information Security Risk Factors.
Breaking the Ice in B2C Relationships: Understanding Pre-Adoption E-Commerce Attraction.
Digital Divide Initiative Success in Developing Countries: A Longitudinal Field Study in a Village in India.
Governance of Interorganizational Information Systems: A Resource Dependence Perspective.
Ensuring Employees' IT Compliance: Carrot or Stick?
Contracting Information Security in the Presence of Double Moral Hazard.
The Effects of Diversity in Global, Distributed Collectives: A Study of Open Source Project Success.
The Framing Effects of Multipart Pricing on Consumer Purchasing Behavior of Customized Information Good Bundles.
Multicommunicating: Juggling Multiple Conversations in the Workplace.
Sequential Pricing of Multiple Products: Leveraging Revealed Preferences of Retail Customers Online and with Auto-ID Technologies.
Efficiency with Linear Prices? A Game-Theoretical and Computational Analysis of the Combinatorial Clock Auction.
Pricing of Wireless Services: Service Pricing vs. Traffic Pricing.
Fighting Fire with Fire: Commercial Piracy and the Role of File Sharing on Copyright Protection Policy for Digital Goods.
An Investigation of the Appropriation of Technology-Mediated Training Methods Incorporating Enactive and Collaborative Learning.
Research Note - Do Large Firms Become Smaller by Using Information Technology?
An Empirical Examination of the Antecedents and Consequences of Contribution Patterns in Crowd-Funded Markets.
All Are Not Equal: An Examination of the Economic Returns to Different Forms of Participation in Open Source Software Communities.
Networks, Social Influence, and the Choice Among Competing Innovations: Insights from Open Source Software Licenses.
An Empirical Analysis of Technical Efficiency: The Role of IT Intensity and Competition.
Research Note - Privacy Concerns and Privacy-Protective Behavior in Synchronous Online Social Interactions.
Promotional Marketing or Word-of-Mouth? Evidence from Online Restaurant Reviews.
How Is the Mobile Internet Different? Search Costs and Local Activities.
From Use to Effective Use: A Representation Theory Perspective.
Motivational Differences Across Post-Acceptance Information System Usage Behaviors: An Investigation in the Business Intelligence Systems Context.
To Personalize or Not to Personalize Online Purchase Interactions: Implications of Self-Selection by Retailers.
Moving from Access to Use of the Information Infrastructure: A Multilevel Sociotechnical Framework.
On Risk Management with Information Flows in Business Processes.
The Impact and Implications of On-Demand Services on Market Structure.
Ascending Combinatorial Auctions with Allocation Constraints: On Game Theoretical and Computational Properties of Generic Pricing Rules.
IT Implementation Contract Design: Analytical and Experimental Investigation of IT Value, Learning, and Contract Structure.
Status Locality on the Web: Implications for Building Focused Collections.
Interdependencies in IT Infrastructure Services: Analyzing Service Processes for Optimal Incentive Design.
Research Note - A View from the Top: Integrated Information Delivery and Effective Information Use from the Senior Executive's Perspective.
Research Note - A Contingency Approach to Investigating the Effects of User-System Interaction Modes of Online Decision Aids.
Editorial Notes.
Research Commentary - Information in Digital, Economic, and Social Networks.
Research Commentary - Too Big to Fail: Large Samples and the p-Value Problem.
Blunting Damocles' Sword: A Longitudinal Model of Healthcare IT Impact on Malpractice Insurance Premium and Quality of Patient Care.
From Knowing It to "Getting It": Envisioning Practices in Computer Games Development.
Do Recommender Systems Manipulate Consumer Preferences? A Study of Anchoring Effects.
Information Technology Competencies, Organizational Agility, and Firm Performance: Enabling and Facilitating Roles.
Product-Oriented Web Technologies and Product Returns: An Exploratory Study.
A Real Options Model for Generalized Meta-Staged Projects - Valuing the Migration to SOA.
Outsourcing Contracts and Equity Prices.
Information Valuation and Confirmation Bias in Virtual Communities: Evidence from Stock Message Boards.
Licensing and Competition for Services in Open Source Software.
Research Note - A Dynamic View of the Impact of Network Structure on Technology Adoption: The Case of OSS Development.
Research Note - The Value of Third-Party Assurance Seals in Online Retailing: An Empirical Investigation.
Research Note - Continued Participation in Online Innovation Communities: Does Community Response Matter Equally for Everyone?
Research Note - The Impact of Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement on Open Source Software Project Success.
Research Note - Business Value of Information Technology: Testing the Interaction Effect of IT and R&D on Tobin's Q.
Research Commentary - Moving Beyond the Single Site Implementation Study: How (and Why) We Should Study the Biography of Packaged Enterprise Solutions.
Social Networks and the Diffusion of User-Generated Content: Evidence from YouTube.
Information Technology and Intangible Output: The Impact of IT Investment on Innovation Productivity.
Competitive Behavior-Based Price Discrimination for Software Upgrades.
Effects of Information Revelation Policies Under Cost Uncertainty.
Switching Costs, Network Effects, and Competition in the European Mobile Telecommunications Industry.
Modeling Spatial and Temporal Set-Based Constraints During Conceptual Database Design.
IT Outsourcing Contracts and Performance Measurement.
How Peripheral Developers Contribute to Open-Source Software Development.
Online and Offline Demand and Price Elasticities: Evidence from the Air Travel Industry.
Research Note - The Impact of External Word-of-Mouth Sources on Retailer Sales of High-Involvement Products.
Research Note - Online Users' Switching Costs: Their Nature and Formation.
Research Note - A Multilevel Analysis of the Effect of Group Appropriation on Collaborative Technologies Use and Performance.
Research Note - The Halo Effect in Multicomponent Ratings and Its Implications for Recommender Systems: The Case of Yahoo! Movies.
Research Note - To Continue Sharing or Not to Continue Sharing? An Empirical Analysis of User Decision in Peer-to-Peer Sharing Networks.
Research Note - Codiffusion of Wireless Voice and Data Services: An Empirical Analysis of the Japanese Mobile Telecommunications Market.
Are New IT-Enabled Investment Opportunities Diminishing for Firms?
Blog, Blogger, and the Firm: Can Negative Employee Posts Lead to Positive Outcomes?
Ambidexterity in Agile Distributed Development: An Empirical Investigation.
Relative Industry Concentration and Customer-Driven IT Spillovers.
Cooperative Cashing? An Economic Analysis of Document Duplication in Cooperative Web Caching.
Institutional Contradictions and Loose Coupling: Postimplementation of NASA's Enterprise Information System.
Modeling Supply-Side Dynamics of IT Components, Products, and Infrastructure: An Empirical Analysis Using Vector Autoregression.
Reputation and Uncertainty in Online Markets: An Experimental Study.
Managing Data Quality Risk in Accounting Information Systems.
Expectation Confirmation in Technology Use.
Optimal Software Free Trial Strategy: The Impact of Network Externalities and Consumer Uncertainty.
SOA Performance Enhancement Through XML Fragment Caching.
Research Note - Lock-In Strategy in Software Competition: Open-Source Software vs. Proprietary Software.
Research Note - Generating Shareable Statistical Databases for Business Value: Multiple Imputation with Multimodal Perturbation.
Research Note - Online Price Dispersion: A Game-Theoretic Perspective and Empirical Evidence.
The Productivity of Information Technology Investments: New Evidence from IT Labor Data.
An Empirical Analysis of the Contractual and Information Structures of Business Process Outsourcing Relationships.
Postrelease Testing and Software Release Policy for Enterprise-Level Systems.
The Effects of Social Network Structure on Enterprise Systems Success: A Longitudinal Multilevel Analysis.
What's in a "Name"? Impact of Use of Customer Information in E-Mail Advertisements.
From Business Intelligence to Competitive Intelligence: Inferring Competitive Measures Using Augmented Site-Centric Data.
Does the Web Reduce Customer Service Cost? Empirical Evidence from a Call Center.
Electronic Health Records Assimilation and Physician Identity Evolution: An Identity Theory Perspective.
Design Principles of Integrated Information Platform for Emergency Responses: The Case of 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
Pricing Models for Online Advertising: CPM vs. CPC.
A Computational Analysis of Bundle Trading Markets Design for Distributed Resource Allocation.
Information, Technology, and Information Worker Productivity.
The Impact of IT-Related Spillovers on Long-Run Productivity: An Empirical Analysis.
The Learning Curve of IT Knowledge Workers in a Computing Call Center.
Advertising Strategies in Electronic Retailing: A Differential Games Approach.
Institutional Influences on Information Systems Security Innovations.
The Boundaries of Trust and Risk: The Quadratic Moderating Role of Institutional Structures.
Content Provision Strategies in the Presence of Content Piracy.
Putting Money Where the Mouths Are: The Relation Between Venture Financing and Electronic Word-of-Mouth.
The Cross-Purposes of Cross-Posting: Boundary Reshaping Behavior in Online Discussion Communities.
Research Note - Using Real Options to Investigate the Market Value of Virtual World Businesses.
Research Note - Performance-Based Advertising: Advertising as Signals of Product Quality.
Research Note - Do Electronic Linkages Reduce the Bullwhip Effect? An Empirical Analysis of the U.S. Manufacturing Supply Chains.
Research Note - Music Blogging, Online Sampling, and the Long Tail.
Research Note - The Cost Impact of Spam Filters: Measuring the Effect of Information System Technologies in Organizations.
Editorial Notes.
Research Commentary - Generalizability of Information Systems Research Using Student Subjects - A Reflection on Our Practices and Recommendations for Future Research.
Advancing Public Trust Relationships in Electronic Government: The Singapore E-Filing Journey.
Adoption and Impacts of Interorganizational Business Process Standards: Role of Partnering Synergy.
Corporate IT Standardization: Product Compatibility, Exclusive Purchase Commitment, and Competition Effects.
Synergy and Its Limits in Managing Information Technology Professionals.
User Satisfaction with Information Technology Service Delivery: A Social Capital Perspective.
Ushering Buyers into Electronic Channels: An Empirical Analysis.
What Motivates People to Purchase Digital Items on Virtual Community Websites? The Desire for Online Self-Presentation.
Two Worlds of Trust for Potential E-Commerce Users: Humans as Cognitive Misers.
Real-Time Tactical and Strategic Sales Management for Intelligent Agents Guided by Economic Regimes.
Effects of the Presence of Organic Listing in Search Advertising.
Network Neutrality and Congestion Sensitive Content Providers: Implications for Content Variety, Broadband Investment, and Regulation.
Underlying Consumer Heterogeneity in Markets for Subscription-Based IT Services with Network Effects.
Research Note - Effects of Individual Self-Protection, Industry Self-Regulation, and Government Regulation on Privacy Concerns: A Study of Location-Based Services.
Research Note - Analyzing Pricing Strategies for Online Services with Network Effects.
Editorial Notes.
Managing the Versions of a Software Product Under Variable and Endogenous Demand.
Firms as Incubators of Open-Source Software.
Examining the Strategic Alignment and Implementation Success of a KMS: A Subculture-Based Multilevel Analysis.
The Debate on Net Neutrality: A Policy Perspective.
Price Formats as a Source of Price Dispersion: A Study of Online and Offline Prices in the Domestic U.S. Airline Markets.
REQUEST: A Query Language for Customizing Recommendations.
A Finite Mixture Logit Model to Segment and Predict Electronic Payments System Adoption.
Profiting from Knowledge Management: The Impact of Time and Experience.
Competing "Creatively" in Sponsored Search Markets: The Effect of Rank, Differentiation Strategy, and Competition on Performance.
Conceptualizing and Testing a Social Cognitive Model of the Digital Divide.
Compatibility and Proprietary Standards: The Impact of Conversion Technologies in IT Markets with Network Effects.
Editorial Notes.
An Analysis of Incentives for Network Infrastructure Investment Under Different Pricing Strategies.
Addressing Digital Inequality for the Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Through Government Initiatives: Forms of Capital That Affect ICT Utilization.
The Effect of Online Privacy Information on Purchasing Behavior: An Experimental Study.
Using Transaction Prices to Re-Examine Price Dispersion in Electronic Markets.
Vendor and Client Interaction for Requirements Assessment in Software Development: Implications for Feedback Process.
Contracting Efficiency and New Firm Survival in Markets Enabled by Information Technology.
Analyzing Sharing in Peer-to-Peer Networks Under Various Congestion Measures.
An Experimental Comparison of Linear and Nonlinear Price Combinatorial Auctions.
Information Technology and Firm Boundaries: Impact on Firm Risk and Return Performance.
Environmental Uncertainty and IT Infrastructure Governance: A Curvilinear Relationship.
Punishment, Justice, and Compliance in Mandatory IT Settings.
The Impact of Automation of Systems on Medical Errors: Evidence from Field Research.
The Digitization of Healthcare: Boundary Risks, Emotion, and Consumer Willingness to Disclose Personal Health Information.
An Analysis of the Adoption of Digital Health Records Under Switching Costs.
IS Avoidance in Health-Care Groups: A Multilevel Investigation.
"Doctors Do Too Little Technology": A Longitudinal Field Study of an Electronic Healthcare System Implementation.
Unity in Diversity: Electronic Patient Record Use in Multidisciplinary Practice.
Evolving Work Routines: Adaptive Routinization of Information Technology in Healthcare.
Learning Curves of Agents with Diverse Skills in Information Technology-Enabled Physician Referral Systems.
When Hackers Talk: Managing Information Security Under Variable Attack Rates and Knowledge Dissemination.
Determining Optimal CRM Implementation Strategies.
Putting Yourself in the Picture: An Evaluation of Virtual Model Technology as an Online Shopping Tool.
Timing of Adaptive Web Personalization and Its Effects on Online Consumer Behavior.
Editorial Notes - Reflections on Year One: A 2011 Retrospective.
Research Commentary - NeuroIS: The Potential of Cognitive Neuroscience for Information Systems Research.
Cross-Business Information Technology Integration and Acquirer Value Creation in Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions.
Pricing Digital Goods: Discontinuous Costs and Shared Infrastructure.
Usercentric Operational Decision Making in Distributed Information Retrieval.
Risk Management and Optimal Pricing in Online Storage Grids.
Protecting Privacy Against Record Linkage Disclosure: A Bounded Swapping Approach for Numeric Data.
A Hidden Markov Model of Developer Learning Dynamics in Open Source Software Projects.
Identifying and Testing the Inhibitors of Technology Usage Intentions.
Research Note - Returns to Information Technology Outsourcing.
Research Note - The Impact of Community Commitment on Participation in Online Communities.
Research Note - Knowledge Exploration and Exploitation: The Impacts of Psychological Climate and Knowledge Management System Access.
Issues and Opinions - IT Careers Camp: An Early Intervention Strategy to Increase IS Enrollments.
On Evaluating Information Revelation Policies in Procurement Auctions: A Markov Decision Process Approach.
Contractual Provisions to Mitigate Holdup: Evidence from Information Technology Outsourcing.
Is Query Reuse Potentially Harmful? Anchoring and Adjustment in Adapting Existing Database Queries.
Use of Pricing Schemes for Differentiating Information Goods.
Design and Analysis of Contracts for Software Outsourcing.
An Empirical Analysis of Software Vendors' Patch Release Behavior: Impact of Vulnerability Disclosure.
Ex Ante Information and the Design of Keyword Auctions.
Electronic Markets, Search Costs, and Firm Boundaries.
Induction over Strategic Agents.
Research Note - Quality Uncertainty and the Performance of Online Sponsored Search Markets: An Empirical Investigation.
Research Commentary - Information Transparency in Business-to-Consumer Markets: Concepts, Framework, and Research Agenda.
Resource Allocation Policies for Personalization in Content Delivery Sites.
Technological Frames, Organizational Capabilities, and IT Use: An Empirical Investigation of Electronic Procurement.
Diffusion Models for Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Media Distribution: On the Impact of Decentralized, Constrained Supply.
Complementarities Between Organizational IT Architecture and Governance Structure.
Assessing Screening and Evaluation Decision Support Systems: A Resource-Matching Approach.
Visualization of Network Concepts: The Impact of Working Memory Capacity Differences.
Predicting Web Page Status.
Research Note - Toward a Causal Interpretation from Observational Data: A New Bayesian Networks Method for Structural Models with Latent Variables.
Research Note - Does Technological Progress Alter the Nature of Information Technology as a Production Input? New Evidence and New Results.
Editorial Commentary - Digital Systems and Competition.
Balancing IT with the Human Touch: Optimal Investment in IT-Based Customer Service.
The "Third Hand": IT-Enabled Competitive Advantage in Turbulence Through Improvisational Capabilities.
Changing the Competitive Landscape: Continuous Innovation Through IT-Enabled Knowledge Capabilities.
Managerial Interpretations of the Role of Information Systems in Competitive Actions and Firm Performance: A Grounded Theory Investigation.
Leveraging IT Capabilities and Competitive Process Capabilities for the Management of Interorganizational Relationship Portfolios.
Information Technology, Network Structure, and Competitive Action.
A Network Perspective of Digital Competition in Online Advertising Industries: A Simulation-Based Approach.
Competitive Actions and Dynamics in the Digital Age: An Empirical Investigation of Social Networking Firms.
Competing in Crowded Markets: Multimarket Contact and the Nature of Competition in the Enterprise Systems Software Industry.
Why Do Software Firms Fail? Capabilities, Competitive Actions, and Firm Survival in the Software Industry from 1995 to 2007.
Editorial Notes.
The Early Years of ISR: Recollections of the Editors.
Research Commentary - Platform Evolution: Coevolution of Platform Architecture, Governance, and Environmental Dynamics.
Research Commentary - Designing Smart Markets.
Research Commentary - The Design, Use, and Consequences of Virtual Processes.
Research Commentary - Digital Natives and Ubiquitous Information Systems.
Research Commentary - The New Organizing Logic of Digital Innovation: An Agenda for Information Systems Research.
Research Commentary - Long Tails vs. Superstars: The Effect of Information Technology on Product Variety and Sales Concentration Patterns.
Research Commentary - Digital Infrastructures: The Missing IS Research Agenda.
Research Commentary - Sponsored Search and Market Efficiency.
Research Commentary-Vigilant Interaction in Knowledge Collaboration: Challenges of Online User Participation Under Ambivalence.
Research Commentary - Cooperation, Coordination, and Governance in Multisourcing: An Agenda for Analytical and Empirical Research.
Research Commentary - The Digital Transformation of Healthcare: Current Status and the Road Ahead.
Research Commentary - Virtual Worlds: A Performative Perspective on Globally Distributed, Immersive Work.
Research Commentary - Reframing the Dominant Quests of Information Systems Strategy Research for Complex Adaptive Business Systems.
Research Commentary - Seeking the Configurations of Digital Ecodynamics: It Takes Three to Tango.
Alliances, Rivalry, and Firm Performance in Enterprise Systems Software Markets: A Social Network Approach.
Let's Shop Online Together: An Empirical Investigation of Collaborative Online Shopping Support.
The Interaction Between Knowledge Codification and Knowledge-Sharing Networks.
Understanding Willingness-to-Pay Formation of Repeat Bidders in Sequential Online Auctions.
Complementarities in the Diffusion of Personal Computers and the Internet: Implications for the Global Digital Divide.
Research Note - Applying the Randomized Response Technique to Elicit Truthful Responses to Sensitive Questions in IS Research: The Case of Software Piracy Behavior.
Research Note - The Role of Organizational Controls and Boundary Spanning in Software Development Outsourcing: Implications for Project Performance.
Research Note - Mapping the Field of Virtual Work: A Cocitation Analysis.
Editorial Notes.
Does Fit Matter? The Impact of Task-Technology Fit and Appropriation on Team Performance in Repeated Tasks.
Research Note - Information Technology in Supply Chains: The Value of IT-Enabled Resources Under Competition.
A Computational Analysis of Linear Price Iterative Combinatorial Auction Formats.
The Influence of Website Characteristics on a Consumer's Urge to Buy Impulsively.
User Awareness of Security Countermeasures and Its Impact on Information Systems Misuse: A Deterrence Approach.
Impact of the Union and Difference Operations on the Quality of Information Products.
Choice and Chance: A Conceptual Model of Paths to Information Security Compromise.
Research Note - Investments in Information Technology: Indirect Effects and Information Technology Intensity.
Antecedents of IS Strategic Alignment: A Nomological Network.
Governance-Knowledge Fit in Systems Development Projects.
Configuration of and Interaction Between Information Security Technologies: The Case of Firewalls and Intrusion Detection Systems.
Willingness to Pay in an Open Source Software Environment.
Trust and Satisfaction, Two Stepping Stones for Successful E-Commerce Relationships: A Longitudinal Exploration.
Demand Heterogeneity in IT Infrastructure Services: Modeling and Evaluation of a Dynamic Approach to Defining Service Levels.
Research Note - Social Interactions and the "Digital Divide": Explaining Variations in Internet Use.
From Association to Causation via a Potential Outcomes Approach.
Introduction to the Special Issue - Flexible and Distributed Information Systems Development: State of the Art and Research Challenges.
Agility from First Principles: Reconstructing the Concept of Agility in Information Systems Development.
Coevolving Systems and the Organization of Agile Software Development.
A Control Theory Perspective on Agile Methodology Use and Changing User Requirements.
Control of Flexible Software Development Under Uncertainty.
Crossing Spatial and Temporal Boundaries in Globally Distributed Projects: A Relational Model of Coordination Delay.
Exploring Agility in Distributed Information Systems Development Teams: An Interpretive Study in an Offshoring Context.
Research Commentary - Weighing the Benefits and Costs of Flexibility in Making Software: Toward a Contingency Theory of the Determinants of Development Process Design.
Editorial Notes.
An Empirical Analysis of Contract Structures in IT Outsourcing.
Designing Intelligent Software Agents for Auctions with Limited Information Feedback.
How Incorporating Feedback Mechanisms in a DSS Affects DSS Evaluations.
Trans-Situated Learning: Supporting a Network of Practice with an Information Infrastructure.
An Empirical Investigation of End-User Query Development: The Effects of Improved Model Expressiveness vs. Complexity.
Competitive Environment and the Relationship Between IT and Vertical Integration.
Acknowledgment of Reviewers.
Editorial Note.
CONQUER: A Methodology for Context-Aware Query Processing on the World Wide Web.
Using Self-Regulatory Learning to Enhance E-Learning-Based Information Technology Training.
Let the Pirates Patch? An Economic Analysis of Software Security Patch Restrictions.
A Comparison of Pair Versus Solo Programming Under Different Objectives: An Analytical Approach.
Research Note - How Does Personality Matter? Relating the Five-Factor Model to Technology Acceptance and Use.
Research Note - A Value-at-Risk Approach to Information Security Investment.
Editorial Note.
Predictors of Formal Control Usage in IT Outsourcing Partnerships.
Capacity Provision Networks: Foundations of Markets for Sharable Resources in Distributed Computational Economies.
Addressing the What and How of Online Services: Positioning Supporting-Services Functionality and Service Quality for Business-to-Consumer Success.
Marketspace or Marketplace? Online Information Search and Channel Outcomes in Auto Retailing.
Research Note - On Vendor Preferences for Contract Types in Offshore Software Projects: The Case of Fixed Price vs. Time and Materials Contracts.
Research Note - Awareness Displays and Social Motivation for Coordinating Communication.
Editorial Overview - The Interplay Between Digital and Social Networks.
Casting the Net: A Multimodal Network Perspective on User-System Interactions.
The Effects of the Social Structure of Digital Networks on Viral Marketing Performance.
Examining the Relationship Between Reviews and Sales: The Role of Reviewer Identity Disclosure in Electronic Markets.
Social Capital and Knowledge Integration in Digitally Enabled Teams.
Research Note - Towards Dynamic Visualization for Understanding Evolution of Digital Communication Networks.
The Impact of Information Diffusion on Bidding Behavior in Secret Reserve Price Auctions.
Emergence of New Project Teams from Open Source Software Developer Networks: Impact of Prior Collaboration Ties.
Acknowledgment of Reviewers.
Editorial Notes.
Consumer Surplus in Online Auctions.
The Consequences of Technostress for End Users in Organizations: Conceptual Development and Empirical Validation.
Research Note - A Model of Conflict, Leadership, and Performance in Virtual Teams.
Self-Selection and Information Role of Online Product Reviews.
From Peer Production to Productization: A Study of Socially Enabled Business Exchanges in Open Source Service Networks.
The Role of Feedback in Managing the Internet-Based Volunteer Work Force.
Acknowledgment of Reviewers.
Editorial Notes.
Decision-Centric Active Learning of Binary-Outcome Models.
Releasing Individually Identifiable Microdata with Privacy Protection Against Stochastic Threat: An Application to Health Information.
Through a Glass Darkly: Information Technology Design, Identity Verification, and Knowledge Contribution in Online Communities.
Competition Among Virtual Communities and User Valuation: The Case of Investing-Related Communities.
Impact of International Information Technology Transfer on National Productivity.
Antecedents and Consequences of Internet Use in Procurement: An Empirical Investigation of U.S. Manufacturing Firms.
Editorial Notes.
Issues and Opinions - Information Technologies in Business: A Blueprint for Education and Research.
Issues and Opinions - Those to Whom IT Matters Most: Perspectives of IT Faculty on Curricula, Courses, and Class Materials.
Product Development and Pricing Strategy for Information Goods Under Heterogeneous Outside Opportunities.
Information System Use - Related Activity: An Expanded Behavioral Conceptualization of Individual-Level Information System Use.
Research Note - Comparing IT Workers' Compensation Across Country Contexts: Demographic, Human Capital, and Institutional Factors.
Research Note - Statistical Power in Analyzing Interaction Effects: Questioning the Advantage of PLS with Product Indicators.
Call for Papers - Information Systems Research Special Issue: Digital Systems and Competition.
Editorial Overview - The Digitally Enabled Extended Enterprise in a Global Economy.
Is the World Flat or Spiky? Information Intensity, Skills, and Global Service Disaggregation.
Leveraging Standard Electronic Business Interfaces to Enable Adaptive Supply Chain Partnerships.
The Choice of Sourcing Mechanisms for Business Processes.
The Impact of Internet Referral Services on a Supply Chain.
IS Application Capabilities and Relational Value in Interfirm Partnerships.
Assimilation of Interorganizational Business Process Standards.
Editorial Note.
Risk and Return of Information Technology Initiatives: Evidence from Electronic Commerce Announcements.
Adoption of Information Technology Under Network Effects.
A Model of Search Intermediaries and Paid Referrals.
The Performance Effects of Complementarities Between Information Systems, Marketing, Manufacturing, and Supply Chain Processes.
Research Note - Investigating the Influence of the Functional Mechanisms of Online Product Presentations.
Editorial Notes.
Internet Exchanges for Used Books: An Empirical Analysis of Product Cannibalization and Welfare Impact.
When the Wait Isn't So Bad: The Interacting Effects of Website Delay, Familiarity, and Breadth.
Conceptualizing Systems for Understanding: An Empirical Test of Decomposition Principles in Object-Oriented Analysis.
An Extended Privacy Calculus Model for E-Commerce Transactions.
Understanding Conceptual Schemas: Exploring the Role of Application and IS Domain Knowledge.
Call for Papers - Information Systems Research Special Issue: The Interplay Between Digital and Social Networks.
Editorial Notes.
Issues and Opinions - Publication Opportunities in Premier Business Outlets: How Level Is the Playing Field?
Impacts of License Choice and Organizational Sponsorship on User Interest and Development Activity in Open Source Software Projects.
ERP Investments and the Market Value of Firms: Toward an Understanding of Influential ERP Project Variables.
Understanding the Adoption of Multipurpose Information Appliances: The Case of Mobile Data Services.
Research Note - Information Technology, Contract Completeness, and Buyer-Supplier Relationships.
Editorial Notes.
From IT Leveraging Competence to Competitive Advantage in Turbulent Environments: The Case of New Product Development.
Reconceptualizing System Usage: An Approach and Empirical Test.
On the Optimality of Fixed-up-to Tariff for Telecommunications Service.
Privacy Protection in Data Mining: A Perturbation Approach for Categorical Data.
How Often Should Reputation Mechanisms Update a Trader's Reputation Profile?
The Effects of Trust-Assuring Arguments on Consumer Trust in Internet Stores: Application of Toulmin's Model of Argumentation.
The Effectiveness of Knowledge Transfer Portfolios in Software Process Improvement: A Field Study.
Information Systems Research Special Issue: Flexible and Distributed Information Systems Development.
Editorial Notes - The Growth of Interest in Services Management: Opportunities for Information Systems Scholars.
Perceived Information Quality in Data Exchanges: Effects on Risk, Trust, and Intention to Use.
Understanding the Impact of Collaboration Software on Product Design and Development.
Formulating the Data-Flow Perspective for Business Process Management.
The Nature and Role of Feedback Text Comments in Online Marketplaces: Implications for Trust Building, Price Premiums, and Seller Differentiation.
Research Note: Individual Cognition and Dual-Task Interference in Group Support Systems.
Research Note: The Influence of Recommendations and Consumer Reviews on Evaluations of Websites.
Editorial Notes.
Perceived Individual Collaboration Know-How Development Through Information Technology - Enabled Contextualization: Evidence from Distributed Teams.
The Value of Intrusion Detection Systems in Information Technology Security Architecture.
Competition Among Sellers in Online Exchanges.
Post-Adoption Variations in Usage and Value of E-Business by Organizations: Cross-Country Evidence from the Retail Industry.
A Theoretical Integration of User Satisfaction and Technology Acceptance.
Editorial Notes.
Collaborating on Multiparty Information Systems Development Projects: A Collective Reflection-in-Action View.
Lying on the Web: Implications for Expert Systems Redesign.
Is Out of Sight, Out of Mind? An Empirical Study of Social Loafing in Technology-Supported Groups.
Toward Comprehensive Real-Time Bidder Support in Iterative Combinatorial Auctions.
The Economic Incentives for Sharing Security Information.
Reputation Mechanism Design in Online Trading Environments with Pure Moral Hazard.
Editorial Notes.
IT Human Resource Management Configurations and IT Turnover: Theoretical Synthesis and Empirical Analysis.
Maximizing Accuracy of Shared Databases when Concealing Sensitive Patterns.
Web Personalization as a Persuasion Strategy: An Elaboration Likelihood Model Perspective.
Optimal Software Development: A Control Theoretic Approach.
On Data Reliability Assessment in Accounting Information Systems.
Information Systems Research Special Issue: The Interplay Between Digital and Social Networks.
Editorial Notes.
A Two-Stage Model of the Promotional Performance of Pure Online Firms.
The Impact of E-Commerce on Competition in the Retail Brokerage Industry.
Psychological Contract Violation in Online Marketplaces: Antecedents, Consequences, and Moderating Role.
Managing Piracy: Pricing and Sampling Strategies for Digital Experience Goods in Vertically Segmented Markets.
Research Note - Two Competing Perspectives on Automatic Use: A Theoretical and Empirical Comparison.
Editorial Notes.
A Fault Threshold Policy to Manage Software Development Projects.
Economics of an Information Intermediary with Aggregation Benefits.
Building Effective Online Marketplaces with Institution-Based Trust.
Does Animation Attract Online Users' Attention? The Effects of Flash on Information Search Performance and Perceptions.
A Practice Perspective on Technology-Mediated Network Relations: The Use of Internet-Based Self-Serve Technologies.
Editorial Notes.
IT Outsourcing Strategies: Universalistic, Contingency, and Configurational Explanations of Success.
Real Options and IT Platform Adoption: Implications for Theory and Practice.
An Empirical Analysis of Network Externalities in Peer-to-Peer Music-Sharing Networks.
Impact of Environmental Uncertainty and Task Characteristics on User Satisfaction with Data.
Information Overload and the Message Dynamics of Online Interaction Spaces: A Theoretical Model and Empirical Exploration.
Editorial Notes.
DSS Effectiveness in Marketing Resource Allocation Decisions: Reality vs. Perception.
Hope or Hype: On the Viability of Escrow Services as Trusted Third Parties in Online Auction Environments.
Toward Contextualized Theories of Trust: The Role of Trust in Global Virtual Teams.
An Economic Model of Product Quality and IT Value.
Managing Digital Piracy: Pricing and Protection.
Editorial Notes.
Toward an Integration of Agent- and Activity-Centric Approaches in Organizational Process Modeling: Incorporating Incentive Mechanisms.
Internet Users' Information Privacy Concerns (IUIPC): The Construct, the Scale, and a Causal Model.
IT Outsourcing Success: A Psychological Contract Perspective.
Deploying Common Systems Globally: The Dynamics of Control.
A Decision Model for Software Maintenance.
Decentralized Mechanism Design for Supply Chain Organizations Using an Auction Market.
XML - Based Schema Definition for Support of Interorganizational Workflow.
Informational Influence in Organizations: An Integrated Approach to Knowledge Adoption.
When Subordinates Become IT Contractors: Persistent Managerial Expectations in IT Outsourcing.
The Social Construction of Meaning: An Alternative Perspective on Information Sharing.
Information Goods Pricing and Copyright Enforcement: Welfare Analysis.
Measuring Information Technology Payoff: A Meta - Analysis of Structural Variables in Firm - Level Empirical Research.
Developing and Validating an Observational Learning Model of Computer Software Training and Skill Acquisition.
The Impact of Experience and Time on the Use of Data Quality Information in Decision Making.
A Partial Least Squares Latent Variable Modeling Approach for Measuring Interaction Effects: Results from a Monte Carlo Simulation Study and an Electronic - Mail Emotion/Adoption Study.
Generalizing Generalizability in Information Systems Research.
Replicating Online Yankee Auctions to Analyze Auctioneers' and Bidders' Strategies.
Improving Analysis Pattern Reuse in Conceptual Design: Augmenting Automated Processes with Supervised Learning.
Portfolios of Control in Outsourced Software Development Projects.
The Influence of Business Managers' IT Competence on Championing IT.
Synthesis and Decomposition of Processes in Organizations.
A Research Note Regarding the Development of the Consensus on Appropriation Scale.
Authors' Reply to Allport and Kerler (2003).
Research Commentary: Workflow Management Issues in e-Business.
Model Composition Using Filter Spaces.
An Empirical Examination of the Concern for Information Privacy Instrument.
Assessing the Validity of IS Success Models: An Empirical Test and Theoretical Analysis.
Group Polarization and Computer-Mediated Communication: Effects of Communication Cues, Social Presence, and Anonymity.
Research Report: Better Theory Through Measurement-Developing a Scale to Capture Consensus on Appropriation.
Research Report: Increasing Returns to Information Technology.
Measuring e-Commerce in Net-Enabled Organizations: An Introduction to the Special Issue.
NEBIC: A Dynamic Capabilities Theory for Assessing Net-Enablement.
The Net-Enabled Business Innovation Cycle and the Evolution of Dynamic Capabilities.
Web Site Usability, Design, and Performance Metrics.
Assessing a Firm's Web Presence: A Heuristic Evaluation Procedure for the Measurement of Usability.
Measuring Factors that Influence the Success of Internet Commerce.
Applying the Technology Acceptance Model and Flow Theory to Online Consumer Behavior.
Toward New Metrics for Net-Enhanced Organizations.
Businesses as Buildings: Metrics for the Architectural Quality of Internet Businesses.
Measuring Switching Costs and the Determinants of Customer Retention in Internet-Enabled Businesses: A Study of the Online Brokerage Industry.
e-Commerce Metrics for Net-Enhanced Organizations: Assessing the Value of e-Commerce to Firm Performance in the Manufacturing Sector.
The Measurement of Web-Customer Satisfaction: An Expectation and Disconfirmation Approach.
Antecedents of B2C Channel Satisfaction and Preference: Validating e-Commerce Metrics.
Developing and Validating Trust Measures for e-Commerce: An Integrative Typology.
Research Commentary: Information Systems and Conceptual Modeling - A Research Agenda.
Research Commentary: The Next Wave of Nomadic Computing.
The Security of Confidential Numerical Data in Databases.
A Comparative Study of Distributed Learning Environments on Learning Outcomes.
Potential Research Space in MIS: A Framework for Envisioning and Evaluating Research Replication, Extension, and Generation.
Research Report: Intrafirm Resource Allocation with Asymmetric Information and Negative Externalities.
Research Commentary: Technology-Mediated Learning - A Call for Greater Depth and Breadth of Research.
Alignment Between Business and IS Strategies: A Study of Prospectors, Analyzers, and Defenders.
A Foundation for Flexible Automated Electronic Communication.
Cognitive Support for Real-Time Dynamic Decision Making.
A Conceptual Model and Algebra for On-Line Analytical Processing in Decision Support Databases.
Research Report: A Reexamination of IT Investment and the Market Value of the Firm - An Event Study Methodology.
Research Commentary: Desperately Seeking the "IT" in IT Research - A Call to Theorizing the IT Artifact.
The Impact of E-Commerce Announcements on the Market Value of Firms.
Technology Requirements and Work Group Communication for Telecommuters.
An Evaluation of Self-Organizing Map Networks as a Robust Alternative to Factor Analysis in Data Mining Applications.
The Effects of Time Pressure on Quality in Software Development: An Agency Model.
Research Report: Richness Versus Parsimony in Modeling Technology Adoption Decisions - Understanding Merchant Adoption of a Smart Card-Based Payment System.
Research Commentary: Introducing a Third Dimension in Information Systems Design - The Case for Incentive Alignment.
Combining IS Research Methods: Towards a Pluralist Methodology.
Business Planning for Network Services: A Systems Thinking Approach.
On Heterogeneous Database Retrieval: A Cognitively Guided Approach.
Research Report: Empirical Test of an EDI Adoption Model.
Research Report: Modifying Paradigms - Individual Differences, Creativity Techniques, and Exposure to Ideas in Group Idea Generation.
Research Commentary: Transformational Issues in Researching IS and Net-Enabled Organizations.
Membership Size, Communication Activity, and Sustainability: A Resource-Based Model of Online Social Structures.
Collaborative Decision Making: A Connectionist Paradigm for Dialectical Support.
Should Optional Properties Be Used in Conceptual Modelling? A Theory and Three Empirical Tests.
Beyond EDI: Impact of Continuous Replenishment Program (CRP) Between a Manufacturer and Its Retailers.
Modifications of Uncertain Data: A Bayesian Framework for Belief Revision.
A Formal Approach to Workflow Analysis.
Assessing User Competence: Conceptualization and Measurement.
Opening the "Black Box" of Network Externalities in Network Adoption.
Productivity of Information Systems in the Healthcare Industry.
Using Repertory Grids to Conduct Cross-Cultural Information Systems Research.
Research Commentary: The Organizing Logic for an Enterprise's IT Activities in the Digital Era - A Prognosis of Practice and a Call for Research.
The Role of Multimedia in Changing First Impression Bias.
Mean-Risk Trade-Offs in Inductive Expert Systems.
The Production of Information Services: A Firm-Level Analysis of Information Systems Budgets.
Integrating User Preferences and Real-Time Workload in Information Services.
Innovation and Control in Standards Architectures: The Rise and Fall of Japan's PC-98.
Editorial Notes.
The Moderating Effects of Structure on Volatility and Complexity in Software Enhancement.
The Performance Impacts of Quick Response and Strategic Alignment in Specialty Retailing.
Knowledge Base Decomposition to Facilitate Verification.
How Do We Understand a System with (So) Many Diagrams? Cognitive Integration Processes in Diagrammatic Reasoning.
Research Report: Disruptive Technologies - Explaining Entry in Next Generation Information Technology Markets.
Research Report: Modeling the Incidence of Postrelease Errors in Software.
Editorial Notes.
Research Commentary: An Agenda for Information Technology Research in Heterogeneous and Distributed Environments.
Determinants of Perceived Ease of Use: Integrating Control, Intrinsic Motivation, and Emotion into the Technology Acceptance Model.
Memory-Based Feedback Controls to Support Groupware Coordination.
Providing Decisional Guidance for Multicriteria Decision Making in Groups.
Research Report: The Role of Behavioral Modeling in Computer Skills Acquisition: Toward Refinement of the Model.
Research Report: The Evolving Relationship Between General and Specific Computer Self-Efficacy - An Empirical Assessment.
Electronic Trading and Work Transformation in the London Insurance Market.
Depicting the Use and Purpose of Documents to Improve Information Retrieval.
Colonial Systems.
A Case for Using Real Options Pricing Analysis to Evaluate Information Technology Project Investments.
Nonlinear and Noncompensatory Models in User Information Satisfaction Measurement.
Research Commentary. Academic Rewards for Teaching, Research, and Service: Data and Discourse.
Electronic Brainstorming: The Illusion of Productivity.
Information Technology and Firm Boundaries: Evidence from Panel Data.
Straight Talk: Delivering Bad News through Electronic Communication.
Accounting for the Contradictory Organizational Consequences of Information Technology: Theoretical Directions and Methodological Implications.
Research Report. Can EDI Benefit Adopters?
Profiles of Strategic Information Systems Planning.
Morality and Computers: Attitudes and Differences in Moral Judgments.
The Illusory Diffusion of Innovation: An Examination of Assimilation Gaps.
Research Report. Learning from Goal-Directed Error Recovery Strategy.
Information and Communication: Alternative Uses of the Internet in Households.
Information Technology Assimilation in Firms: The Influence of Senior Leadership and IT Infrastructures.
Designing Workflow Coordination: Centralized Versus Market-Based Mechanisms.
Dimensionality of the Strategic Grid Framework: The Construct and Its Measurement.
Evaluating the Impact of DSS, Cognitive Effort, and Incentives on Strategy Selection.
Research Note. Electronic Brainstorming: Illusions and Patterns of Productivity.
Research Note. The Illusion of Electronic Brainstorming Productivity: Theoretical and Empirical Issues.
Reengineering the Dutch Flower Auctions: A Framework for Analyzing Exchange Organizations.
Facilitator Influence in Group Support Systems: Intended and Unintended Effects.
Semantic Structuring in Analyst Acquisition and Representation of Facts in Requirements Analysis.
Integrated Modeling Environments in Organizations: An Empirical Study.
The Impact of Information Technology Investments on Firm Performance and Evaluation: Evidence from Newly Industrialized Economies.
Enabling Software Development Team Performance During Requirements Definition: A Behavioral Versus Technical Approach.
The Multilevel and Multifaceted Character of Computer Self-Efficacy: Toward Clarification of the Construct and an Integrative Framework for Research.
A Paradigmatic Analysis Contrasting Information Systems Development Approaches and Methodologies.
Using Geographical Information Systems for Decision Making: Extending Cognitive Fit Theory to Map-Based Presentations.
A Conceptual and Operational Definition of Personal Innovativeness in the Domain of Information Technology.
Firm Characteristics and Investments in Information Technology: Scale and Scope Effects.
Attention Shaping and Software Risk - A Categorical Analysis of Four Classical Risk Management Approaches.
Testing Media Richness Theory in the New Media: The Effects of Cues, Feedback, and Task Equivocality.
Automating the Discovery of AS-IS Business Process Models: Probabilistic and Algorithmic Approaches.
The Information Industries: Introduction to the Special Issue.
Globalization and Increasing Returns: Implications for the U.S. Computer Industry.
Leveraging the Global Information Revolution for Economic Development: Singapore's Evolving Information Industry Strategy.
An Information Company in Mexico: Extending the Resource-Based View of the Firm to a Developing Country Context.
Understanding Post-Adoption Behavior in the Context of Online Services.
International Software Piracy: Analysis of Key Issues and Impacts.
Computer Industry Executives: An Analysis of the New Barons' Compensation.
Clockspeed and Informational Response: Evidence from the Information Technology Industry.
Strategic Choices in the Development of Interorganizational Information Systems.
Why Is Programming (Sometimes) So Difficult? Programming as Scientific Discovery in Multiple Problem Spaces.
Redesigning Case Retrieval to Reduce Information Acquisition Costs.
Examining the Emergence of Hybrid IS Governance Solutions: Evidence From a Single Case Site.
Measuring Software Engineering Evolution: A Rasch Calibration.
Interorganizational Cooperation: The Role of Information Technology an Empirical Comparison of U.S. and Japanese Supplier Relations.
Business Strategic Orientation, Information Systems Strategic Orientation, and Strategic Alignment.
Information Acquisition Policies for Resource Allocation Among Multiple Agents.
Executive Decisions About Adoption of Information Technology in Small Business: Theory and Empirical Tests.
Research Report: Information Technology and Investment Incentives in Distributed Operations.
Research Report: The Effectiveness of Multiple Dialogues in Electronic Brainstorming.
Portfolios of Control Modes and IS Project Management.
A Respecification and Extension of the DeLone and McLean Model of IS Success.
An Empirical Study of Computer System Learning: Comparison of Co-Discovery and Self-Discovery Methods.
Empirical Evidence on Swanson's Tri-Core Model of Information Systems Innovation.
Research Report: Diffusion of Information Systems Outsourcing: A Reevaluation of Influence Sources.
When Processes Learn: Steps Toward Crafting an Intelligent Organization.
Ownership and Investment in Electronic Networks.
Advancing the Theory of Adaptive Structuration: The Development of a Scale to Measure Faithfulness of Appropriation.
Varieties of Political Process During Systems Development.
An Economic Analysis of the Introduction of an Electronic Data Interchange System.
The Role of IT in the Transformation of Work: A Comparison of Post-Industrial, Industrial, and Proto-Industrial Organization.
Information Technology and Organizational Change in the British Census, 1801-1911.
Texas Politics and the Fax Revolution.
Information Technology in the Police Context: The "Sailor" Phone.
Improvising Organizational Transformation Over Time: A Situated Change Perspective.
Transforming Work Through Information Technology: A Comparative Case Study of Geographic Information Systems in County Government.
Steps Toward an Ecology of Infrastructure: Design and Access for Large Information Spaces.
Are Attributes Entities? A Study of Database Designers' Memory Structures.
Alternative Securities Trading Systems: Tests and Regulatory Implications of the Adoption of Technology.
A Computational Study of Distributed Rule Learning.
Information Acquisition and Mental Models: An Investigation into the Relationship Between Behaviour and Learning.
A Theory of Decision Support System Design for User Calibration.
Overcoming Ineffective Mental Representations in Base-Rate Problems.
Top Management Support, External Expertise and Information Systems Implementation in Small Businesses.
Process Structuring in Electronic Brainstorming.
The Contribution of Information Technology to Consumer Welfare.
Pricing Computer Services Under Alternative Control Structures: Tradeoffs and Trends.
On Data Representation and Use in a Temporal Relational DBMS.
Inductive Model Analysis Systems: Enhancing Model Analysis in Decision Support Systems.
The Use and Effects of Knowledge-Based System Explanations: Theoretical Foundations and a Framework for Empirical Evaluation.
Providing Design Assistance: A Case-Based Approach.
Research Commentary: Rethinking "Diversity" in Information Systems Research.
Research Commentary: Diversity in Information Systems Research: Threat, Promise, and Responsibility.
The Calculus of Reengineering.
Facilitation, GSS, and Training as Sources of Process Restrictiveness and Guidance for Structured Group Decision Making: An Empirical Assessment.
Effects of Communication Mode and Prediscussion Information Distribution Characteristics on Information Exchange in Groups.
The Relationship of Information System Training Methods and Cognitive Ability to End-User Satisfaction, Comprehension, and Skill Transfer: A Longitudinal Field Study.
Information Technologies and Business Value: An Analytic and Empirical Investigation.
Controlling Information System Departments in the Presence of Cost Information Asymmetry.
Designing Information Systems to Optimize the Accuracy-Timeliness Tradeoff.
Research Report - The Importance of Specification in Causal Modeling: The Case of End-User Computing Satisfaction.
Actualizing Organizational Memory with Information Systems.
Application of Social Cognitive Theory to Training for Computer Skills.
Understanding Information Technology Usage: A Test of Competing Models.
Research Report - A Confirmatory Factor Analysis of the User Information Satisfaction Instrument.
The Effect of Coordination and Uncertainty on Software Project Performance: Residual Performance Risk as an Intervening Variable.
Modeling Coordination in Software Construction: An Analytical Approach.
Modeling Team Processes: Issues and a Specific Example.
Research Report - The Relevance of Application Domain Knowledge: The Case of Computer Program Comprehension.
Reconciling Variance and Process Strategies for Studying Information System Development.
Improving the Performance Stability of Inductive Expert Systems Under Input Noise.
Using Treemaps to Visualize the Analytic Hierarchy Process.
The Emergence of Interpretivism in IS Research.
Free-Access Policy for Internal Networks.
The Effect of Culture on IT Diffusion: E-Mail and FAX in Japan and the U.S.
User Response Data: The Potential for Errors and Biases.
Organizational Characteristics and Information Systems Planning: An Empirical Study.
Computer-Mediated Communication for Intellectual Teamwork: An Experiment in Group Writing.
Institutional Factors in Information Technology Innovation.
Research Report - Principles for Examining Predictive Validity: The Case of Information Systems Spending Forecasts.
Research Report - Modeling vs. Forecasting: The Case of Information Systems Spending.
Model Integration Using Metagraphs.
Role of Control in the Model Formulation Process.
Formal Modeling of Complex Commands in Industrial Software Specifications.
Benchmarking Decision Models for Database Management Systems.
Claims, Arguments, and Decisions: Formalisms for Representation, Gaming, and Coordination.
Research Report - Adaptation of a Planning System Success Model to Information Systems Planning.
Editorial Notes.
The Contradictory Structure of Systems Development Methodologies: Deconstructing the IS-User Relationship in Information Engineering.
Improving End-User Proficiency: Effects of Conceptual Training and Nature of Interaction.
What's Mine Is Ours, or Is It? A Study of Attitudes about Information Sharing.
User Participation, Conflict, and Conflict Resolution: The Mediating Roles of Influence.
Research Report - Modeling Interpersonal Processes During System Development: Further Thoughts and Suggestions.
Research Report - Hypothesis Testing and Hypothesis Generating Research: An Example from the User Participation Literature.
The Impact of Information Technology Investment Announcements on the Market Value of the Firm.
The Information Age Confronts Education: Case Studies on Electronic Classrooms.
Reframing Decision Problems: A Graph-Grammar Approach.
Organizational Adoption of Microcomputer Technology: The Role of Sector.
Inductive Expert System Design: Maximizing System Value.
A Formal Approach for Designing Distributed Expert Problem-Solving Systems.
A Classification of Information Systems: Analysis and Interpretation.
Interactivity and Communication Mode Choice in Ongoing Management Groups.
The Effects of Information Technology and the Perceived Mood of the Feedback Giver on Feedback Seeking.
Heuristics for Reconciling Independent Knowledge Bases.
Editorial Notes.
Information Systems Research Thematics: Submissions to a New Journal, 1987-1992.
MODFORM: A Knowledge-Based Tool to Support the Modeling Process.
A Comparative Analysis of the Empirical Validity of Two Rule-Based Belief Languages.
Model Integration and Modeling Languages: A Process Perspective.
The Effects and Limitations of Automated Text Condensing on Reading Comprehension Performance.
Building an Information System Design Theory for Vigilant EIS.
Information Systems Success: The Quest for the Dependent Variable.
Unravelling Is-a Structures.
A Conceptual Model of Adaptive Knowledge-Based Systems.
A Comparative Study of How Experts and Novices Use a Decision Aid to Solve Problems in Complex Knowledge Domains.
After-Hours Telecommuting and Work-Family Conflict: A Comparative Analysis.
Electronic Meeting Systems: Evidence from a Low Structure Environment.
The Effects of Variations in Capabilities of GDSS Designs on Management of Cognitive Conflict in Groups.
A Comparison of Linear Keyword and Restricted Natural Language Data Base Interfaces for Novice Users.
Determinants of Turnover Intentions: Comparing IC and IS Personnel.
The Relationship Between Investment in Information Technology and Firm Performance: A Study of the Valve Manufacturing Sector.
Diffusion of Information Technology Outsourcing: Influence Sources and the Kodak Effect.
Integrating Mathematical and Symbolic Models Through AESOP: An Expert for Stock Options Pricing.
Performance Evaluation Metrics for Information Systems Development: A Principal-Agent Model.
Studying Information Technology in Organizations: Research Approaches and Assumptions.
Symbolism and Information Systems Development: Myth, Metaphor and Magic.
Cognitive Fit: An Empirical Study of Information Acquisition.
An Experimental Investigation of the Impact of Computer Based Decision Aids on Decision Making Strategies.
The Impact of Computerized Performance Monitoring on Service Work: Testing a Causal Model.
Information Technology and the Structuring of Organizations.
Predicting User Intentions: Comparing the Technology Acceptance Model with the Theory of Planned Behavior.
Development of an Instrument to Measure the Perceptions of Adopting an Information Technology Innovation.
MCDM Approach for Generating and Evaluating Alternatives in Requirement Analysis.
Software-Effort Estimation: An Exploratory Study of Expert Performance.
Information Issues in Model Specification.
Form and Substance in Physical Database Design: An Empirical Study.
Can Software Influence Creativity?
An Integrative Model of Information Systems Spending Growth.
Decision Support Systems: Directed and Nondirected Change.
Alternative Mechanisms of Allocating Computer Resources Under Queueing Delays.
User Involvement as an Interaction Process: A Case Study.
The Adoption of Spreadsheet Software: Testing Innovation Diffusion Theory in the Context of End-User Computing.
Automated Construction of Knowledge-Bases from Examples.
A Role Theory Perspective on End-User Development.
Optimal Information Structures for the Seller of a Search Good.
The Impact of the Environment on the Management of Information Systems.
Dimensions of I/S Planning and Design Aids: A Functional Model of CASE Technology.
Effective IS Security: An Empirical Study.
A Refresh Scheme for Remote Snapshots.
Assessing the Economic Benefits of Information Systems Auditing.
An Empirical Investigation of Factors Influencing the Success of Customer-Oriented Strategic Systems.
Information Technology and Corporate Strategy: A View from the Top.
Electronic Integration and Strategic Advantage: A Quasi-Experimental Study in the Insurance Industry.
A Study of Collaborative Group Work With and Without Computer-Based Support.
An Attribute Space for Organizational Communication Channels.
